Update installation instructions on `oo_version` (#75)
svalinn/parastell: README.md

Download and extract the PyStell-UW repository:

```
git clone --single-branch --branch old https://github.com/aaroncbader/pystell_uw.git
```

or download the and extract the ZIP file from [PyStell-UW](https://github.com/aaroncbader/pystell_uw/tree/old). Once extracted, add the repository directory to your `PYTHONPATH`.

> Note that the `old` branch of PyStell-UW is necessary because there are complications with its `master` branch that prevent its successful integration with ParaStell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `old` branch of PyStell-UW is necessary for compatibility with this version of ParaStell. There are complications with its `master` branch that prevent its successful integration with ParaStell.
```

Author: The complications have to do with PyStell-UW itself, rather than ParaStell, but I hope those will be resolved soon (I imagine they will become apparent as soon as testing is developed).

I'll add the verbiage you suggest though!
